i want to hear the news ( paper ) you must know
hi ! i 'd like to know the decisions made in favor of students please
i am happy to find ong 's message .
do n't question please on how the government is administering food distribution and reconstruction .
thanks you so much for your advice , good job from digicel .
help me to go to school , please.thank you .
expert in accounting science i would like to find a little job please
if someone do not have access to internet where can he bring his cv
please is it possible to do my passport
my thought is that i would like you to love me sincerely . i wish for you to be the last with whom i want to share my life . everything is ok my love .
what you can do for eduction of the children . for the parents who do n't have resource , me i am one of them .
notes : this message is not important .
i would like to subscribe to 4636 .
i would like to find a way to free myself how can you help me i need a lot of help .
good evening , it makes a very long time that i did n't receive some information
thank you very much because i am someone who has health problems
this message is not very important to translate .
i would like to know if the faculties will open .
hello please i would like information
give the americans the opportunity to rebuild haiti
i don't work , please say that to minustah and un for me .
sent some minutes for me please !
i congratulate you for all the advice thank you so much
this sms is only giving you an address not much detail . . / 2 cyber cafe route of frere . . a litle under where the jumbala night club is ..
good evening!could you refer me to the minister of foreign affairs .
try business with digicel haiti
throw me in the ocean because i can not take this rout / road ( in life ) all by myself .
dji messes up is going to make you do
why did watancard did not received at ?
they 're not in the hospital anymore please tell me where they are
me junior i tell you a big thank you for these beautiful counsels
the communication is the key of all frustration
we would please let us know who you are because you inform us very well .
hi mr , where will i have to go to look for my id card ?
hello , digiciel is he the best network in the country . i am aware that you are doing a lot for us in our time of need . thank you digiciel . can you put a little money for me
i 'm pregnant and i 'd like to know which precautions that i should take .
how long time can we expect for the replies ?
many thanks for all these messages . i hope you are always continuing to give us good advice
how do i find a visa to florida ?
ok thank you i waiting to your answer ..
if i have a humain be out of his ( her ) mind what can i do ?
please , send me some minutes on my cell phone , because i want to do a urgent call .