thaks a lot for the message 11 days after . .. . like this message by sms i received but did not receive a glass of water for life .
we are in fontamara on louis st the route 1 and 2 we have not receive anything , we need water . thank you we are waiting on you
i burnt the trash . the only thing is that i need some food to eat .
c.s.j.i.f need to eat in ruelle silvya tou give to eat to the folk who is suffering of hunger
sir or madam , i 'm hungry , i can not stand because i 'm very hungry , if you could share the food , it would benefit the population , thanks
hello i am a student of l'ecole sorbonne , the school has colapsed and i 'm wounded , my home is also destroyed and we have n't found anything salvageable . we need help , please send help .
please come help us . we are in section 24 in gressier . the whole community is hungry .
he is in gros morne all the wounded are there but they do not have health care . i am asking you to come and help them for me please . he did n't precise the number of wounded people .
still in the area fort jack , route kalbas . we have yet to find food along with the fact that there are people who need tents / place to stay because their houses fell . give them a card
he is resting but hurting a lot
people in n avenue said they did n't still find foods . so did they over ?
.. . elp . they need your help asap . so you should think about giving them lodging , food , clothes , . ..
the united nation do n't do nothing in haiti
how food aid would work out this week ?
people in grand goave , especially n foch . we are hungry and we are sleeping in the street . please help
we need help and food . i 'm in mais gate 8 prolonged . please do this quick for us
. ..   right now , i left the city , becuase people are hungry in porpt au prince , . my mom and my dad which always look up for me . ..
we are in thomazo and we need food specialy in la hatte
not everybody got help , in riviere froide in carrefour we did not get anything at all , people are dying of hunger .
notes : is that a joke ? they ask if they must stay without food???for what ? is it another stupid idea of preval ' ' again '' ?
good evening to the reader of this message . i would like to know where there is food distribution because we are at christ roi street , at the intersection / entry of nazon . no one here has tents , food .
aroun route terre shada we have a lot of problems . there are more thn 300 people with no food , we do not have a place to sleep . no help has come yet .
i 'm dying . going without food 3 days .
we are the people of gran gwav , we are asking for all authorities for alimentary aid ( food ) we invite them so that they can do a census because everyone is a victim .
in tomgato there is no food no water
a lot of victims arrive at the hospital erez marchand dessalines . there 's a lot of doctor volunteers in place
iwould like to say thanks , once again thank you for your message .
hunger is killing us in clercine . please help us . address is clercine 22 , impasse aime . everyone one at the impasse need aid .
we need water to drink . please tell us our to pray because almost not believe in god and our prayer never arrived to god .
what we want is food . we have n't received any . we are in leogane , laferone . if we do n't receive aid we will die . are homes are destroyed and we have nothing .
we need food distributions in larat kadet ( tomazo )
please pass this message with the ong that place to give help in the style of casea we requiere help in area of canapevert exactly for the cleanning of the toilets , and we requier also to place more toilets with the quantity of persons that need to use for urine daily .
we do n't have any food they did n't send any to us in cabaret labodri
my friends , after god , it is on you that i count . please hear me , there are 3 children with me and a niece . it could be a little food or a little money . what god puts in your heart .
i count on your help and i beg you not to deceive me , my family and i have need for tents , food . help me please !
there 's a group of people who are in the catholic church in sarthe , they need ( food ? ) ..
i would like to know if the relief workers will stay only in port - au - prince . will they come to the province as well because many are hurt here .
4636 : ong says that if you have a mosquito , use it while you vomit . it 's so important , it can help you to diminish risk to catch malaria .
dinepa is it stop the water distribution at solino ?
if i would like to take care which hospital can i go